[shouting] We're all hungry!
Because credits are scarce,
there's never enough.
What if there were?
An Old Republic Mint...
What's a mint again?
[Fern] It's where they make money.
[Brutus] This is your last chance, Silvo.
If there's no treasure,
you're going for a little ride.
- [Wim] Hey! Wait up!
- [Fern] Help! Down here! Help!
It's too bad.
'Cause I have the coordinates home
and everything.
So now we just need
to climb back to our ship.
- [rumbling]
- [all screaming]
- How much longer until we can take off?
- Too long.
[Fern] We have to blow it off the hull.
Uh, how do we do that?
Claimsies on the new ship!
I told you to wait.
It's just a way to get a message
through the Barrier.
We can help the kids
without saying anything specific
about At Attin's location.
We have to do something.
What's the plan?
[♪ gentle music playing]
[music ends]
[♪ suspenseful music playing]
[Maree] I'm ready.
[Fara softly] Be careful.
Barrier access codes
are not easy to come by.
[exhales]
Still need that other part.
[twigs snapping]
[Wendle] Oh, there you are.
[Maree] Finally.
Sorry. Uh, here's the transmitter.
But will that thing
really get through the Barrier?
- [rustling]
- Did you hear that?
Probably a tree-sucker.
- There. That'll do it.
- [rustling continues]
I have a bad--
- [gasps]
- [Safety Droid] Attention.
You have an unauthorized
communication device.
- Step away or you will be stunned.
- [beeping]
[whispers] I'm gonna grab it and run.
[Garree] Nooma!
[Maree] She'll be fine. Run!
[Safety Droid] You will be stunned
for your own safety.
[gasps]
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[Safety Droid] Set down
the communicator or you will be stunned.
You will be stunned for your own safety.
Undersecretary Fara,
set down the communicator.
Set down the communicator
or you will be stunned.
[distant] Set down the communicator.
[communicator powering up]
[♪ dramatic music crescendoes]
[♪ serene music playing]
[Neel] No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
- [Fern giggles]
- Nice shot, Fern.
According to these instruments,
we should be home soon.
You hear that? Wim, come here!
Told you I'd get us home!
What's wrong?
[Wim sighs] Nothing.
Maybe they'll let us keep the ship.
[Wim] Yeah, right.
We could land out in the woods.
We could hike back,
say we got lost this whole time.
No.
Once we get back, then everything
goes back to the way it was.
[sighs] I still have to take Assessment.
I never should've pushed
this stupid button in the first place.
[KB] Don't say that.
Yeah, it was a really fun adventure.
Half the time I was about to die.
But that's what a real adventure is like.
I'm glad you did.
[chuckles softly] It'll be fine.
You'll see.
[♪ foreboding music playing]
[Brutus growls] This is At Attin?
It's a toxic maelstrom.
Is this right, Chaelt?
- Position's correct, Cap'n.
- [Brutus laughs]
[growls] This At Attin of yours don't look
like a treasure planet to me.
Any ship that goes in there
will be destroyed.
Prepare the airlock.
- [pirates cheering]
- [buzzer sounds]
[hissing]
- How stupid are you, Brutus?
- [Brutus growls]
If it isn't in front of your face,
it doesn't exist?
It's a trick, you fools.
[scoffs] At Attin's been hidden
for hundreds of years.
You expect it to be just floating
in the open?
It's camouflaged!
A whole planet?
Is that what you came here for, men?
More fables?
[pirates exclaiming]
Tak Rennod was here.
I'm telling you.
33, check the log.
Aye.
According to Captain Rennod,
the real treasure planet be hidden
inside an en-endless storm.
[thunder rumbling]
[chuckling] It's hidden. Inside.
[laughs] It's hidden inside.
I'll bet my life on it.
You give me a fighter, I'll fly in myself.
I'll take that bet.
But you're not going anywhere.
One of my crew will fly into the storm.
Send out a volunteer.
[♪ foreboding music continues]
[ship powering up]
- Ravager One ready, Captain.
- [Brutus over radio] Get on with it.
[Glerb over radio] I'm in the atmosphere.
Visibility low.
See? Perfectly safe.
- [Glerb] Instruments...
- [radio static]
Getting some chop.
But nothing I can't--
Wait, I-- I think I see...
- [screams]
- [static fades]
[exhales]
Maybe we should send in another.
- [growling]
- Wait! No, listen!
- [pirates clamoring]
- Listen! It's a defensive grid--
[grunts] Of course it is,
to hide the treasure!
- Prepare to dump the trash.
- [Jod] Hey!
- [banging on door]
- 33. 33. Nope. No.
- No. 33.
- [buzzer sounding]
What did Rennod say
about getting through this thing?
Enough talk. Airlock him.
No, you kill me, and you're throwing away
the greatest treasure
the galaxy has ever known!
- Let me out!
- Release the airlock
or you lot'll be joining him!
- Nah... No, no, no!
- Wait!
Something on sensors, Captain.
A ship out of hyperspace.
Let's see it.
[Vane] Ah.
Look at those old thermal vents.
Don't make 'em like that no more.
[SM-33] Aye.
Looks much different without its armor.
[Brutus] It's an antique. Fire cannons!
I've got it! I've got it!
[breathing heavily]
The ship's the key.
That's how we get to At Attin.
[growls]
[thunder rumbling]
[KB] So that's what the Barrier
looks like from the outside.
[Neel] Whoa.
No wonder no one ever went in there.
- [rumbling]
- [Neel yelps]
[alarms blaring]
We're caught in a tractor beam.
We're dead meat. We're pirates' meat!
[growls] This is your last life, Silvo.
Treasure or no, I'm gonna kill you
first chance I get.
I wouldn't do that. The crew loves me.
The crew loves plunder.
- Nah, the crew loves me.
- [growls]
Whoever's in there,
come out unarmed.
Or we're coming in.
I said surrender!
[growls]
Bunch of cowards.
All right then--
[grunting]
[distorted voice] Stay back.
Release the tractor beam
and we'll let him go.
Fear not, my friends.
[in normal voice] Jod.
Why isn't he back in the brig?
[in distorted voice]
Don't come any closer.
Last warning.
Let us go, or this guy is done for!
[growling]
Silvo...
- [blaster fires]
- [children exclaim]
Brutus...
was a stinking, backstabbing mutineer.
Any of you wanna follow him?
Good.
- Kona, Pax.
- [grunts]
[Jod] Seize the vessel.
You'll find four scared children on board.
Hold them hostage.
Gunter, fetch me 33.
The rest of you,
prepare the frigate to take At Attin.
- [all] Aye, Captain!
- [all cheering]
[Neel] Go, go, go.
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[communicator whirring and beeping]
[Jod] Find out whatever mechanism allows
this ship to pass unharmed to At Attin.
Rip it out and install it in the frigate.
[SM-33] Aye, Captain Jod.
[Jod] I need its firepower
to seize the Mint.
What's this on the comm?
- It's an incoming transmission.
- [computer beeping]
[computer chimes]
[Fara on computer] Children,
we're sending out this message
on a communication buoy,
hoping you'll hear it.
Just know we love you so, so much.
And, Fern, I know how much you worry,
but you're not in trouble.
You're gonna make it home.
And this message will tell you how.
KB, my sweet girl, don't give up.
No matter what.
We know you must be scared
to go so long without maintenance.
- [Pax growls, speaks Huttese]
- [Garree] Get your friends...
We're not trying to escape.
We just want to hear.
- ...to help keep you dry.
- [speaking Huttese]
[grunts]
[Garree] And you shouldn't have
too many malfunctions.
Get home safe to good, old At Attin,
where you belong.
You can make it home, Neel.
My sweet baby boy.
Your little brother just lost a tooth.
He got a shiny new datary,
but he said all he wanted...
[sniffling] ...was his big brother.
We can't transmit any coordinates
due to security procedures.
But you can get home.
Find a Republic Emissary.
That's an official who knows
the secret location of At Attin
and how to get through the Barrier.
Be careful.
The Barrier can be very dangerous.
And don't tell anyone else
where you're from.
[Jod] Oops.
I wish we could say more.
You weren't supposed to find out
about any of this until you graduate.
And, Wim,
I'm sorry I didn't listen to you.
- Please come home.
- [message ends]
We need to take the ship back.
But how?
We need a plan.
We can trick Jod.
We know he's greedy.
I mean, maybe we can even--
Attack! [screaming]
[both grunting]
- [growls]
- [yelps] Sorry. Sorry.
[Pax complains in Huttese]
[Jod] Always best to have
a hostage. Chain 'em up.
- [Wim grunts]
- Aye, Captain Silvo.
I don't care how many fake names you have,
because we know that you're a liar!
And this is our ship
'cause we found it first!
[Jod] Well, now it's mine.
Actually, since you're currently
captain of the frigate,
this vessel remains unattested.
[Jod] Excuse me?
By the Pirate Code,
a captain can lay claim
to one vessel and only one.
I-I call claimsies-- [muffled grunts]
[Jod] I claim this ship.
I claim the Onyx Cinder.
I am the captain of this ship,
and you all take orders from me.
Aye, Captain Jod.
- I call unclaimsies.
- [gasps]
[Jod] What?
I call unclaimsies
and claim it for kids only!
33, get these pirates off our ship.
I'm afraid it doesn't work
like that.
[groans]
Aye, but it be close enough.
[screaming]
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[Jod] No. [grunts]
- No.
- [starship powering up]
No.
Get us home, 33.
- Aye, aye, Captain Fern. It'd be my honor.
- [children laugh]
[pirates] Oh! Get them!
Captain, why did you send out
the Onyx Cinder?
- Captain?
- [grunts]
Send some fighters after it!
That ship is the key!
[♪ dramatic music continues]
[alarm blaring]
[electricity crackling]
[pirate over comms] Listen up, you kids,
turn that ship around--
[children screaming]
It would appear the defensive grid
is still active.
But we'll be safe?
Aye, that was Cap'n Rennod's genius!
Stealin' one of the Mint's own ships
so he could fly it safely back through!
[thunder rumbling]
- [screams]
- [breathing heavily]
We could get hit at any moment.
Don't stop. Keep going.
[electricity crackling]
Yes! It worked! We're alive!
It's not a pirate ship,
it's an At Attin ship!
[♪ serene music playing]
[Wim] Is that it?
Is that... Is that really it?
At Attin looks huge from up here.
- We made it.
- [controls whir]
Oh, we're being locked
into an autopilot landing sequence.
Just like on Hayna's planet.
My mom totally lied on that call.
We're gonna be in so much trouble.
But...
I don't even care anymore.
[Jod] But you should.
Well, well, well, back again, are we?
Stay where you are, kids.
I'll handle this.
- [Fern gasps]
- 33!
All right, get down.
- Get on the ground!
- [Neel whimpers]
[Jod] Down. Keep your heads down.
And no talking.
[rat squeaking]
[screeches]
[lightsaber powers down]
[computer beeping]
[exhales]
This is Captain Silvo.
I'm on board the Onyx Cinder.
We made it through.
At Attin is on the inside,
exactly like I told you.
- Come in.
- [radio static]
Come in.
Damn it. Hello?
The Barrier is jamming the--
Yeah, I know.
It's, it's on autopilot--
Shut... up!
Your incessant,
unending jabber, jabber, jabber--
Honestly, it is unbearable!
Leave him alone!
All of you. Not just him, all of you.
You're the worst one.
Poor boy.
What?
What? What?
What exactly are you going to do?
You're all weak.
Weak, sheltered, spoiled children.
I have got a terrible headache
and zero patience left,
so be quiet and let me think.
We're gonna land.
I'm gonna contact the frigate.
And you lot are not going to say a word.
Not one word. You understand?
You're gonna follow my lead.
If I get even a hint
that any of you are thinking otherwise...
- [whooshes]
- [Neel gasps]
You know, I enjoyed
seeing your parents' faces
on the comm earlier.
Makes it very easy for me
to know who to carve up.
I will.
Each one.
Piece by piece.
Slowly.
If you don't behave.
[♪ ominous music swells, crescendoes]
[Fara] Not right now.
You are all in violation
of At Attin's security protocols.
Why did you release this
communications device through the Barrier?
It's because you left us no choice.
We did what we had
to to help our children.
The problem is, you droids don't listen.
We are always available for--
Standby.
- What was that?
- [PA chimes]
[over PA] Citizens of At Attin,
this is the Supervisor speaking.
An Emissary is arriving for a shipment.
- All nonessential work is suspended...
- It's KB.
- ...until Offload is complete.
- Look.
Thank you.
- [Maree] Is that the ship?
- That is all.
[Safety Droid] Please keep back.
Stand back for your safety.
- Please step back.
- [people exclaiming]
[Safety Droid] Please keep back.
Stand back for your safety.
Please step back.
[Safety Droid] Welcome to At Attin.
You must be the visiting
Republic Emissary?
Yes, of course I am.
And these are four waifs
I found along the way.
Hello, children.
Travel outside the Barrier
is not permitted.
Planet-wide protocol requires
that any visiting Emissary
proceed directly to the Mint
to begin Offload procedures.
Good. Very good.
I need to speak to my other ship.
Comms have been jammed.
[Safety Droid] We will proceed
to the Mint.
- [rumbling]
- [mechanical whirring]
Wim!
[Safety Droid] These children
have been reported missing.
I will alert the parents right away.
Hold them on my ship for their own safety.
In you go, children.
You heard the Emissary.
[rhythmic mechanical clacking]
Quite the operation you have here.
[Safety Droid] We'd hoped
you'd be pleased.
Now, about my other ship.
Perhaps it would be best
if I contacted them right away.
Communication outside the Barrier
is not permitted.
I am your Emissary.
I need open communication
with my other ship.
You must speak with the Supervisor
about the Barrier, Emissary.
The Supervisor, yes.
Better than dealing with a droid.
Well, go and fetch him.
With some of your finest refreshments,
thank you.
[alarm blares]
- [mechanical whirring, whooshing]
- [alarm blares, stops]
[Safety Droid] We are now arriving
at the vaults.
[♪ suspenseful music playing]
Um, hey, remind me.
How, how, how many vaults
do you have like this?
One thousand, one hundred and thirty nine.
[scoffs and chuckles]
[sighs]
[gasps softly]
- [pants]
- [dataries clinking]
[laughing]
[hoverlift approaching]
[gasps and exclaims]
[softly] Fern. Ah!
KB! [chuckling softly]
Fern.
KB!
- Mom!
- [Nooma] Neel!
[pants]
Oh!
[sobbing]
- [sobs]
- [kisses]
- Look at you!
- [all chuckle]
[Nooma laughs] My boy.
Let me look at you. [chuckles]
[Fara] Oh.
Oh... I was so worried. What happened?
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[♪ closing theme music playing]